-: Welcome back.
In this lecture
we are going to register a domain in Route 53.
So we are going to buy the domain 'Kubeoncloud.com'.
So let's go to AWS management console
and on the console home search for 'Route 53'.
And in Route 53 we'll go further, 'Register domains'.
and then we are going to register a domain.
And the domain name is going to be 'Kubeoncloud.com'.
Okay, so it took something else here.
Remove 'R' here.
Yeah, check it. Okay.
And we got it 'Kubeoncloud.com'.
So everything looks good.
K u b e on cloud.com right?
So 'Add to cart'
(mouse clicks)
and go down. And if you see here,
you can click on 'Continue'.
And these are the personal information.
We can leave it and you can see 'Privacy protection enabled'
for my domain, enabled.
And then I'll click on continue.
And if I go here,
"Do you want to automatically renew your domain?"
Yes, I want to renew it.
And terms and conditions, I'm going to accept it
and then click on 'Complete the order'.
So our order got submitted successfully.
It might take close to three days to complete it usually
but once we verify our payment, usually it might be faster
in a day or even lesser than that.
So we'll go to 'Domains' and my other domain is
an action required for verified payment.
I will leave it, once this also comes into that same status
we will verify for this one.
Okay, Kubeoncloud dot.
So I got the action required for Q1 cloud.
So I'll go there at the end
and then I'll do the 'Verify payment' for the latest one.
Okay, 1219, I'll go there.
(mouse clicks)
So one, I accidentally sent it so I really don't want to pay
for the other one.
So, now if you see 483302601 and then 2877.
So 2877 is the latest.
I'm going to say 'Verify' and then 'Pay', right?
So I'm going to pay it now.
(mouse clicks)
So let's wait for the payment to happen.
Okay, I provided the OTP and this should be done now.
So we have completed the payments
if you go for bills, orders and then invoices.
So one should be like that only
and then one should be already paid.
Okay, so let's wait for some time
or go to 'Register domains here' and then 'Pending request'.
Okay, so it'll take an hour to update the status.
So let's wait for an hour to see what happens.
So once we, once we have completed the verify and pay
so we can see that for 'Kubeoncloud'.
we can see domain illustration is in progress.
So let's wait for everything to be completed now.
So within an hour, I have seen
that my request has been moved
from 'Pending request' to 'Register domains'.
So hardly within less than two hours,
entire process will be completed
for us for the 'Register a domain' and only
one thing is we need to verify our payment thoroughly.
That's about it.
So now I have the 'Kubeoncloud' domain available for me,
'Kubeoncloud.com'.
And then it's a strength is verified
and we can see all the details about it.
If you want to extend this domain
for another nine to ten years if you want
you can do that now.
Okay. And auto renew is anyway enabled.
So every year it will automatically get auto renewed.
So now one important thing here is if you click
on 'Manage DNS', it will take us to the hosted zone.
So the public hosted zone for Kubeoncloud.com
is already by default created. Okay?
So now here we will be able to DNS register our domains.
Okay? So whatever the sub domains we want to
register or whatever the main domains we want to register
we can create a record set here
and then say that users dot Kubeoncloud.com
and then provide the IP address or the ELB DNS name
ELB DNS name, all these things here to DNS, register it.
Okay, so this is about the 'Resistor domain' section
which is nothing but our step two.
'Register a domain' in Route 53.
In our next lecture, we'll focus
on creating a SSL certificate in 'Certificate Manager'.
So I'll see you in the next lecture.
Until then bye bye. Thank you.